Update prerequisites.md (#14299)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-devops-docs: docs/managed-devops-pools/prerequisites.md

| **Project Collection Administrator** | The Project Collection Administrators group is the main administrative security group defined for an organization and can perform all operations in an Azure DevOps organization, including creating new pools. | Other project collection administrators can add users to this group. For information about this group and how to see its members, see [Look up a project collection administrator](../organizations/security/look-up-project-collection-administrators.md). |

> [!NOTE]

> > When deploying your Managed DevOps Pool using Infrastructure-as-Code via an Azure Pipelines make sure the service connection's App Registration is added to one of the groups above as described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/integrate/get-started/authentication/service-principal-managed-identity?view=azure-devops#2-add-a-service-principal-to-an-azure-devops-organization), otherwise deployment will fail with error [The logged in user does not have Manage permissions in the Azure DevOps organization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/managed-devops-pools/troubleshooting?view=azure-devops#the-logged-in-user-was-not-found-in-the-azure-devops-organization)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When deploying your Managed DevOps Pool using Infrastructure-as-Code via an Azure Pipeline make sure the service connection's App Registration is added to one of the groups above as described [here](/azure/devops/integrate/get-started/authentication/service-principal-managed-identity?view=azure-devops#2-add-a-service-principal-to-an-azure-devops-organization), otherwise deployment will fail with error: [The logged in user does not have Manage permissions in the Azure DevOps organization](/azure/devops/managed-devops-pools/troubleshooting?view=azure-devops#the-logged-in-user-was-not-found-in-the-azure-devops-organization).
```
